1a. Let's build the possibility for multiple pH readings during a starter refresh (and later during dough development; prepare for this and add it to the roadmap). We'll begin with the app capturing the timestamp when the pH and temp data are manually entered, and eventually offer the possibility to continuously log pH and temp data, say from an Arduino or Raspberry Pi, etc (again, add to the roadmap, please). 

1b. With that data, generate a line chart that displays pH (y-axis) as function of time since refresh (x-axis, and later, since entering a dough development phase). This is the "live" line. Users should also see a ghost "Vitality" line, which is the moving average line chart of the last 5 refreshes. Further, they should be able to toggle an "All-Time" line chart that shows a line chart of all refreshes. The three different lines should have different colors. (Add to the roadmap that the app will offer tooltips based on the graphs). This will show the user whether the starter is getting weaker over time. This graph should also have static boxes or regions indicating the flavor profile when a starter is mixed. These flavor regions should be fairly translucent and of differing colors. Three regions: Mild, Classic, and Sour. Mild has a time entry at 3 hours, a time exit at 5 hours, a max pH level at 4.5, and a min pH level at 4.4. The time boundaries for Classic are 5 hours and 7 hours, with pH boundaries of 4.1 and 4.3. The time boundary for Sour is >7 hours  and pH boundaries of 3.8- and 4.0very tangy sourdough. If the temperature is high and the starter is strong, the ∆pH curve will be steep. If the temp is low or the starter is weak, the ∆pH will be shallow.. The user can also see the steepness of their starter's pH descent: a A. A gradual shallowing of the curve longitudinally (that is, over the course of many refreshes) suggests that the starter is weakening or that the starter is in an over cooler environment.  There should be a note somewhere, not necessarily visible all the time, that the slopes are not temperature adjusted, so a steeper curve could represent a strengthening of the starter or it could mean that the starter is in a warmer environment than before. (We can add temperature normalizing later if there is a demand for that; add it to the roadmap.)

2. Let's change up the Refresh screen so that the user enters their flour and water amounts, and the ratio is shown as a calculation.

3. It should be possible to delete a refresh of bake in the calendar, so add that option.